The GSTA1 gene polymorphism in Guangdong Han population is similar to that in Japanese population,but significantly different form that in America white and black.
familial visceral amyloidosis
plexus coronarius anterior
LFC; low fat and cholesterol
cardiac tomography
Use behavior treatment additionally, or with Qin of Mi of small dose third amalgamative psychotherapy also has certain curative effect.
immunoreactive plasma; IRP
NBP; needle biopsy of prostate
Resection of radial head ligaments for tennis elbow
inferior vestibular nerve; IVN
Does old people osteoporosis bring about fracture how should treat?
BACKGROUNDTo evaluate the clinical value o f the Bard Marlex Mesh Perfix Hernioplasty for treatment of the aged hernia.
dorsal erector muscle
Blood routine, biochemical and plasmic electrolytes were examined in preoperative and postoperative venous blood and intraoperative collected blood.
ATRIAL FIBRILLATION/surgery
COMPARATIVE STUDY ON THERAPEUTIC EFFICACY BETWEEN LAPAROSCOPE OPERATION OF CHOLEDOCHOLITHOTOMY T-TUBE DRAINAGE
Congenital anomaly of anus
Recognition of difficulty in pathological diagnosis of Hodgkin's lymphoma
Keywords microwave;external radiator;Archimedian spiral antenna;tracheitis;bronchial asthma.;
Anxiety, depression, and tried will influence your body's stress hormones (e.g. catecholamine and glucocorticoids) and so suppress your immune status.
Bronchoscopy with biopsy
①hypertensive states of pregnancy②disorders in pregnancy
Increased venous pulse pressure; Increased venous pressure
CONCLUSION Compound coenzyme as shown to improve liver function in patients received TPN.
Comparison of Preparing PLT between Automatic Blood Separating Machine and Hand-made Method
chromosome region
Excision of subcutaneous tumor of extremities
Conclusion High-dose methylprednisolone pulse therapy has an obvious effect on medium and serious peritumoral edema induced by supratentorial brain tumors and has no serious adverse reactions.
Cardiac lipoprotein
myocardial angiographic blush
Chemotherapy injuries
doppler tissue velocity
Stress Rats
musculi papilares septales ventriculi dextri; papillary muscle of right ventricle septal
242 Cases of Itching Skin Disease Treated by Shi-wei Zhi-yang Decoction
diabetes insipidus secondary to vasopressin deficiency
Conclusion: Taking overdosage of mifepristone for a long period of time would making the endometrium to develop asynchrinously and to mctabolize disorderly.
Avrech OM，Colan A，Weinraub Z，et al．Mifepristone (RU486)alone in combination with a prostaglandin analogue for termination of early pregnancy：a review.．Fertil Steril．1991，56(3)： 385
Patau syndrome
Keywords simulated microgravity;early embryos;G6PD gene;gene expression;
Procollagen N-proteinase
cardiac functional compensatory period
Treatment of pain of the lumbus, knee, leg and foot through vertebral adjustment with manipulation
Measurement and clinical significance of blood sugar in apneic neonate
Clavicular fracture fixation pins pushed to the sidelines after needle Analysis and Prevention
Congenital enamel hypoplasia
human gastric cancer SGC-7901 cell
circulating parasite antigen; CPA
Excision of accessory or ectopic lung tissue
Clinical manifestations may be lockjaw, entasia and incontinence.
carpus-ankle acupuncture
radiofrequency therapy
Application of a new nasal lacrimal drainadge device in treatment of lacrimal duct diseases
Minichromosome maintenance protein 2
Methods NZB/NZW F1 rats were administered with LCG 2.95?g/kg or 11.8?g/kg for 54?days.
ACA; anomalous coronary artery
immunologic tumor rejection
pituitary prolactinoma syndrome; PPS
Baicalein is a natural product possessing multiple pharmacological activities, such as anti-oxidation, anti-bacterium, anti-virus, anti-allergy, anti-hypertension, diuresis and so on.
Gene Expression of Early Stage Embryo in Mammal
Human esophageal cancer cells TE-13
Postoperative analgesia
Cardiac flow
Detection of the Specificities of 4 Weak Antibodies by Modified MPT Method
Surgical repair and revision of stoma
Anemia is common in congestive heart failure(CHF)patients,with a prevalence ranging from 4% to 55% depending on the population studied.
Epidemical Regulations and Synthesis Intervention Measures for Transmission of HIV from Mother to Infant
BACKGROUND: The KTP laser (potassium-titanyl-phosphate laser) is a useful tool for intranasal surgery, owing to its excellent hemostasis and tissue penetration capabilities.
Conclusion Total hip arthroplasty is optimal in healthy older patients with displaced femoral neck fracture.
Familial hemorrhagic diathesis
intersubject variation
Arthrotomy for removal of prosthesis of hip
The research and Interfere of impatient mental state with accute fracture
chronic pain syndrome; CPS
Neonatal apneic attack
pregnancy associated with ovarian tumor
endothelium-dependent relaxation
IAS; intrauterine adhesion syndrome
The incidence of antibiotic use was 98%,31% of which was intended for active treatment,and 69% for preventive regimen;
The short-term CVs of BMD measurements in different regions by DXA were as follows,1.58%for lumbar vertebra(L 5 ),0.90%for left femur,and0.86%for right femur,respectively.
Recreation therapy
Progress of image diagnosis in ischemic necrosis of adult early ischemic necrosis of the femoral head
The expression vector of humanized antibody light chain gene of against HCV is constructed effectively which laya solid foundation for further constructing the recombinant expression vector of humanized antibody Fab fragment against HCV.
Extremely high serum magnesium levels may produce a depressed level of consciousness, bradycardia, cardiac arrhythmias, hypoventilation, and cardiorespiratory arrest15.
human embryo study
seat belt syndrome
RAC; right atrial contraction
plasma without sodium
two toes transplantation
Current tear of meniscus of knee
He contracted tuberculosis.
radiofrequency surgical ablation
Effects of Herbal Towards Microbicidal Activity Against Pathogenic Escherichia coli in Poultry
EDP; erythema dyschromicum perstans
Maybe the ascites was because of tumor metastases in abdominal cavity, then it was cancerous ascites.
This patient has fever and lower abdominal pain that I cannot explain.
"Other common causes are Pick disease and vascular disease. Dementia also occurs in Huntington chorea, paresis, and some types of encephalitis."
Congenital hyperplasia
Conclusion CT is a reliable method at diagnosis of spondylolysis, which can also protect the spondylolisthesis from spondylolysis in adolescent.
Aortic root dilatation
Symptoms were alleviated and serum PT4, FT3 Levels decreased and T4/T3 ratio, rT3 level increased significantly in group DP and group D after treatment,compared with provious treatment(P<0.01);
Hand vein
Investigation of influence of low concentration lead on hypertension with female workers
Receptor imaging
Postoperative stitch abscess
Action mechanism of endothelin-1 on pulmonary arteries of canis familiaris ex vivo
CAV; congenital absence of vagina
Human Lung Cancer Cells NCI-H446[H446]
Resuture of cardiac septum prosthesis
congenital dorsiflexion deformity of toes
Conclusion Echocardiography plays an important role in the etiological diagnosis, management and prognosi...
Tietz's syndrome; Tietze's syndrome
feining; bleomycin; alveolitis; pulmonary fibrosis
collagen diseases in pregnancy
Time it takes to get sick if later become HIV infected
continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion
Endoscopic destruction of lesion of duodenum
Selection of opportune time for food intake in patients with acute pancreatitis
OCS; oral contraceptive steroid
Prevalence Actuality and Countermeasure of Prevention and Treatment of Ac-quired Immunodeficient Syndrome in Chinese Children
Ai Suo Mei La Cuo treat the Hp negative peptic ulcer curative effect observation
Study of Microwave Coagulation Treatment for Cancer of Oral Cavity
anomalous innominate artery
fragment antigen-binding
Liquid - bsed cytologic test
and inability to blind patients to the stimulation state.However, the authors suggest that the affective changes following levodopa or DBS did not simply reflect a reaction to improved motor function.
Conversely, the pain scores for 8.4% of those who had an arthroplasty and 13.7% of those who had arthrodesis worsened by at least one grade.
ZE syndrome; ZES; Zollinger-Ellison syndrome
oxygen therapy
follicle-stimulating hormone, buman
Relation between clinical pathology of chronic hepatitis and its examination items
Clinical and Experimental Studies on the Method of Promoting Flow of Qi and Blood Circulation and Resolving the Hard Lumps for Treatment of Hysteromyoma
The relationship between cardiac conduction block and the site of myocardial infarction and its impact on clinical prognosis
intermenstrual flow
angiotensin Ⅱ type 1 receptor gene
chronic fibrosis of papillary muscle
13 patients were subdermally injected with 55.5 MBq (0.5 ml) 99Tcm-DTPA-human serum albumin (HSA) on the surface of the lesion, 50 patients with 92.5 MBq (4 ml) unfiltered 99Tcm-sulfur colloid (SC) in four divided doses around the lesion and 54 patients in the upper part of the lesion with the same volume of the SC in one-point-injection.
Keywords binuclear metallo phthalocyanine;INDO/S;activation of O_2 molecule;spectradetermining;
fractionated oral cholecysto-cholangiography
Abstract Objective To analyse the survival rate and cause of death of the patients of end stage renal disease (ESRD)on maintenance hemodialysis(MHD).
Conclusion Tiopronin might have better protective action for liver during hepatocarcinoma interventional therapy.
infective asthma
lone atrial fibrillation
Adult diabetes diet
Congenital absence of penis
Pharmacological Study Progress in the Treatment of Asthma with Single or Monomer Chinese Crude Drug
This article reports a method that the syrian hamstar embryo cells and Wistar embryo cells were used to induce direct SCEs and MN without the addition of the metabolic aetivation system in vitro and that SCEs and MN were scored on slides made for the scoring of SCEs.
The TEWL levels of the 8anato mical regions were put in order with s tatistics:palm >forehead >cheek =b ack of hand >calf =back >forearm =chest.
diabetes ketoacidosis
Conclusion: the water-soluble polysaccharide of Semen Cassia Tora possess a strong capability of antioxidation.
treponema pallidum haemagglutination assay
Pasteur's culture; Pasteur's culture-medium
Radical resection for tumor of bone of femur
ovarian hypernephroma
database of essential genes
Congenital anomaly of urethra
Human insulin gene
An exploratory laparotomy in which an opening is made through the abdominal wall into the peritoneal cavity is done to detemine the cause of an acute abdomen.
Mouse retina
soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor Ⅱ
Bilateral congenital enlargement
ALI SCORE
Drug sensitive tests showed over 90% of pseudomonas, klebsiella and enterobacteriaceae were resistant to ampicillin, while the resistant to cephazoline were 96.5%, 65%, and 100% respectively.
CWI is caused by systemic hypotension,carotid stemosis or occlusion,microembolisn.
human pituitary adenomas
rehabilitation effect
primary leukemia cell
Photos elective vaporization of prastate(PVP)
Current classification and appellation of pregnancy induced hypertension
Duesberg and Ruhong Li of the University of California at Berkeley have put forth a third theory: nearly all cancer cells are aneuploid (leukemia being one exception) because they start that way.
Improve whole level of the sequence treatment in cleft lip and palate
pediatric HIV infection
Surgical repair and revision of anastomosis
Brissaud-Marie syndrome; Brown-Marie syndrome; hereditary ataxia
abnormal uterine bleeding
soluble fms - like tyrosine kinase - 1 (sFlt - 1)
inhibiting colon carcinoma activity
high dose chemotherapy
Conclusion: Decoction for Puerperal Blood Stasis combined with Powder for Dissipating Blood Stasis could treat early incomplete abortion by drugs effectively and decreased hystera clearance rate.
Chronic persistent type A viral hepatitis
postoperative hyphemia
Clinical study on myocardial damage in children with serious disease
Subcutaneous tissue of perianal area
Micro -complement dependent cytotoxicity test
Except for penicillin, erythromycin and gentamicin, other antibacterials have good antimicrobial activity to MSSA in vitro.
These facts underline the importance of continuing research into the effective detection of early prostate cancer and better treatments for the advanced disease.
Author WEN Yuguan;WANG Lingzhi;LIU Xuejun;LU Xinqiao（Research Base of Clinical Pharm acology;Guangzhou Brain Hospital;Guangzhou 510370）;
Earlier studies had shown that drugs such as metformin, which make the body more sensitie to insulin, could increase oulation in PCOS patients.
Candida skin test antigen
ventricular pause
dropped head syndrome
vestibular epithelium
The peripheral blood OKT_3 and OKT_4 are decreased, OKT_8 are incrcased in the childpatients with RRI, OKT_4 /OKT_8 is decreased.
platelet-containing solution
Zhichuan injection therapy
myocardial bridge--mural coronary artery
Acute seromucinous otitis media
Congenital absence of breast
Conclusion Sagittal and coronary reconstruction is a useful technique for diagnosing herniated disc because it can provide anatomic information not redily derived from plain films or axial CT scans.
For both HT and PT groups, the quadriceps of the affected knees was much weaker at all testing knee positions at the third month post reconstruction.
Studies on the Optimization of Fermentation Process Conditions of the Ice Nucleation-active Bacteria Xanthomonas ampelinaTS206
acute cortical necrosis
Xenorhabdus nematophila BP
Design of a detecting circuit of scanning electrochemical microscopy
Bacillus subtilis XF-1
HEI; human embryonic intestine
Disseminated intravascular coagulation/therapy
Congenital venous proliferation
Conclusion:Irbesartan in combination with ramipril can obviously improve the cardiac function and reverse ventricle remodeling in RDH patients with chronic heart failure.
Soaked mammary cancer after surgery
Bronchi-lung infection
circulating herpes simplex virus antibody; circulating HSV antibody
Intact RNAs of high purities with clear 18S and 28S bands were successfully extracted from AGS, gastric cancer specimen and its peritumor tissue.
Effects of comprehensive intervention in peripheral arteriosclerotic occlusive disease of patients with metabolic syndrome
STUDY ON EFFECTS OF DIETARY FACTOR ON DIFFERENT TYPES OF URINARY CALCULI
The positive Bcl 2 protein expression rate of BLM was clearly higher than that of LMS ( P <0.01).
carotid angioplasty and stenting
major intrinsic protein
acute adrenal insufficiency
processed antigen
Maturity onset diabetes of the young, MODY
anti-SSB antibody test
Conclusion: After a prompt diagnosis, patients with acute epiglottitis should be subjected to a large dosage of steroid and proper measurement.
Paroxetine/therapeutic use
Actue coax- arthrosynovitis
Conclusion Fosfomycin may be a choice to treat clinical infect with multiresistant Escherichia coli.
BEV; bleeding esophageal varices
Right bronchial mucus
Localized arteriovenous malformations of intestinal tract
Repair of coronary arteriocardiac chamber fistula
Maturity onset diabetes mellitus in young
And intertransverse process arthrodesis was managed by means of bone chip grafting obtained from the iliac crest, and SOCON system was installed by pedicle screw fixation devices.
Excision of cyst of pericardium; Excision of pericardial cyst
pulsed ultrasonic therapy apparatus
Clinical effect observation of acute lumbar sprain treated with acupuncture and massage:46 cases reported
Conclusion RFT therapy is more cost-effective than the OMC therapy in curing ulcer and for eradication of Hp.
Cardiac aneurysm repair
chronic undermining burrowing ulcers
STUDY ON SIMULTANEOUS DETERMINATION OF CHLORHEXIDINE ACETATE AND METRONIDAZOLE FOR COMPOUND DISINFECTANT WITH DUAL-WAVELENGTH SPECTROPHOTOMETRIC METHOD
Congenital deficiency of pancreatic lipase
interpolated atrial parasystolic beats
Conclusion: The CT scanning has important value for etiological diagnosis and displaying the circumsciption of pathological changes of exophalmos.
Direct repair of artery of finger
Fonzylane and hyperbaric oxygen were given to the patients in the treatment group on the basis of traditional therapy.
Subcutaneous tissue of laryngeal prominence
aortic syndrome
Excisional biopsy of breast mass
Antihypertensive peptides (AHPs) have good effect of decreasing blood pressure, also have low adverse effects and toxicity.
Antiepileptic drugs as a cause of worsening seizures
For comparison, a fourth group recieved received a priceable , the placebo.
Damage of postoperational pain to young children and how to deal with it
Apoptosis/drug elf
Aldrich's syndrome; Wiscott-Aldrich syndrome
congenital Heinz body anemia
Tourette syndromeof children
STUDY ON THE CATARACT EXTRACAPSULAR EXTRACTION AND INTRAOCULAR LENS IMP LANTATION IN PATIENTS AFTER GLAUCOMA SURGERY
When a liver or kidney or both are found violative (in excess of the MRL) but the skeletal muscle is negative or non-violative, then only the organs shall be condemned.
The MSK of traditional Chinese herbs possesses protective actions on RRF in patients on HD and is able to delay the loss of renal function.
They can mediate the mobilization of inflammatory cells to the focus of infection
Balbiani-type chromosome
sex-linked genetic disorders
Conclusion The herniated tissue of clinical case is the corpus adiposum buccae but not the buccal fat pad, and the rational name should be traumatic herniation of corpus adiposum buccae.
ALP; antilymphocyte plasma; AP
Serum leptin levels were positively correlated with BMI (r= 0.605, P < 0.001), %Fat (r=0.779, P<0.001), and were reversely correlated with LBM (r = -0.731, P<0.001) in HD patients;
Clin proc.
inflammatory cyst of ovary
Other symptoms include headache, fever, and abdominal cramps
CLINICAL APPLICATION VALUE OF DETECTION OF PRL AND IL-11 LEVEL IN PATIENTS WITH ACUTE LEUKEMIA
Anaiysis in Flow Spectrum Features of Small Mammary Tumor by Color Doppler
Case Report: Severe Pulmonary Hemorrhage Caused by Snakebite of Vipera russelli siamensis
An amniocentesis was done, revealing normal karyotype (46,XX).Screening tests for fetal infections (toxoplasmosis, MNI, rubeola, CMV, herpes, Coxsackie, enterovirus and Chikungunya) were negative.
The number of males who reported that they had their last influenza vaccine injection 13 months or over prior to the survey was 53.
Conclusion Azotreonam, ceftizoxime, ceftitriaxone and cefoperazone are effective in the treatment of bacterial infections in the liver and pancreas.
Conclusion Our method of cloning alloantigen-specific T lymphocytes is successful.
coli TG1 and the antibody library of porcine APM is constructed.
The Effect and Optimal Dose of Midazolam on Conscious Sedation Fiberoptic Bronchonscopy
vitelline artery
Trial of adding immune-enhancing polysaccharide in the feed for larval sea cucumber
Methods Human breast cancer cell line MCF7 and its adriamycin-resistant counterpart MCF7/ADR were used in the study. The cells were cultured with different concentration of BBM for 72 hours. The mRNA expression level of survivin gene in both MCF and MCF7/ADR cells was detected by semi-quantitative RT-PCR.
rapid atrial arrhythmias
figure-of-8 pessary
coronary disease/TH
Menkes syndrome; kinky hair syndrome
Article Name Experimental study on pharmacokinetics of floxuridine administered preoperatively via the left gastric artery.;
The FPB and radial dorsal extensor hood site resulted in the statistically highest pinch force. The FPB and radial dorsal extensor hood and the APB sites had statistically smaller minimum distances between the thumb and little finger than the ulnar extensor hood site.
vitro thrombolytic test
ACUTE LUNG INJURY/TCM-WM therapy
secreto-inhibitor syndrome; Sjogren's syndrome Ⅰ
Sudden Cardiac Death Preceded by Warning
congenital subluxation of lens
Abnormal gastric acidity
Conclusion Emotional disorders and alexithymia are common in alcoholics.
Encephalitis , like meningitis, can cause sudden dementia symptoms.
acetylcholine-like therapeutic agent
The first-line adjuvant chemotherapy for epithelial ovarian carcinoma
bulb of ovary
Application in Treatment of Kidney Stone treated by Mini-PCN with Pneumatic Lithotripsy in Rigid Ureteros Copy
During the growing period, Red tangerine+ Rough lemon had the lowest contents of the soluble sugar and the starch in leaves, and Red tangerine+ Trifoliate was between 2 sexual hybrids.
Fatigue was unrelated to either severity of underlying liver disease or insulin resistance， but was associated with significant daytime somnolence.
Oral Histology and Pathology
diversity gene
Hemorrhage of internal diseases
somatotroph tumor
Objective To explore the changes of serum motilin(MTL) and gastrin(GAS) levels in patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Blatt's syndrome; cranio-orbito-ocular dysraphia; cranio-orbitoocular dysraphia
Eidence from placebo-controlled studies has shown that opioids, antiepileptic and antidepressant drugs together with capsaicin are effectie for alleiating DPN.
homoimmunity hemolytic disease of newborn
ABT; antibody binding test
optimal dose regime
Acute non-variceal gastrointestinal tract bleeding
Establishment and characteristics of metastatic tumor model of hilar cholangiocarcinoma
Immediate hemolytic transfusion reaction
Cefadroxil is important as an oral cephalosporin antibiotic.
Changes and Clinical value of serum total bile acid in infant hepatitis syndrome
Vincent's periodontal angina
Influence of the Early Intervention of Nursing on the Recovery of the Joints Function of the Post-operation of Knee Fracture
Combined Serial Four Needles and splints to treating 54 cases of shin and fibula fracture
i lesion; i.l.; intralesional
A new process for the preparation of 2 [4 [(4 chlorophenyl)phenylmethyl] 1 piperazinyl] ethanol is provided.
minimally invasive surgery robot
CONCLUSION: The market public Para-dichlorobenzene mothball.had genotoxicity to plant cells.
It is indicated that postoperative recurrence of rectum cancer is related to Dukes phases,pathologic types,gross morphology,metastases of lymph nodes,distance from tumor to the lower incision margine,and performing factors in the operation.
topical antiseptic
IMPROVEMENT OF METHODS FOR ONE-STAGE RECONSTRUCTION OF POSTOPERATIVE ORAL CANCER SOFT TISSUE DEFECTS WITH FOREARM FLAPS
ALAA; antilymphocyte autoantibody
right ventricular filling pressure; RVFP
Effect of Red Rose Capsule Compound on NO and ET in the Rabbits Myocardial Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury
benches for respiratory therapy
MICC; mitogen-induced cellular cytotoxicity
Major antibody
The application of TK polymer on the concrete ablation repair in dam weir
EVET; right ventricular ejection time
Donath, from the Uniersity Hospital in Zurich, Switzerland, and colleagues assessed the outcomes of 70 patients with type 2 diabetes who were gien anakinra or an inactie placebo daily for 13 weeks.
The change of angiotensins of local tissues in heart and lung of rabbits with LPS-induced shock
To improve cervical plexus block anesthesia
endophytic epidermoid carcinoma
acrodermatitis enteropathica; Brandt's syndrome; Danbolt-Closs syndrome
Congenital punctate opacity
hematological malignant cell line
familial hyperlipemia, essential
Cervical Dangerous Disease
Clinical Experience of Dredging the Stagnation State to Treat Depression
transluminal coronary angioplasty
functional islet β cell tumor
We got six CpG-N ODNs with activity to inhibit TNF release from hPBMC induced by CpG-S ODN. CpG-N ODN208 could markedly protect mice from lethal challenge by CpG-S ODN.
chronic hepatitis/pathology
Polymerase chain reaction
MA; malignant angioendothelioma
Metabolic pancreatitis
Suture repair of aorta without bypass
conjugated polymer
By result of orthogonal experiment, the optimun material composition is 25 percent yangtao,25 percent starwberry;20 percent apple and the solubility solid quantity reachs to 40 percent.
Postresuscitation myocardial dysfunction
ABC; aspiration biopsy cytology
Human Sjogren's syndrome antigen A
Closed fracture of medial malleolus
How to Diagnose and Treat Chronic Prostatitis
nursing outcomes classification
giant pituitary adenoma
Criteria for inclusion of treatment trials were randomization and placebo control.
proinflammatory cytokine
CGD; chromosomal gonadal dysgenesis
Conclusion: Treating diffuse goiter with hyperthyroidism using 131I is safe and effective, follow up is indispensable.
a coronary patient(= sb suffering from coronary disease)
The expression of ATX gene corresponds to the protein expression in ovarian epithelial carcinoma,CPA provides sensitive flow information for differentiating epithelial ovarian tumors,CPA flow features corresponds to ATX gene and protein expression of ovarian epithelial carcinoma. High ATX expression are related to metastasis vascular invasion and poor differentiation.
Background:Cerebral infarction is a common cerebrovascular disease with high morbidity and mortality.
obstructive sleep apnea hypopnea syndrome(OSAHS)
pseudo-cystic appearance
ApoM might be involved in the metabolism of cholesterol in vivo and be assoc iated with the development of CAD.
P. P. D.
Acute ischaemic stroke
Anomalous venous drainage
Abnormal central venous pulse pressure
Bahadur, Robert M.Sinskey ;foreword by I.Howard Fine.
Apply a cold compress to the skin to relieve the swelling and pain;
radionuclide scintillation angiocardiography
Acquired deformity of wrist
Rational administration of drug: keep older hypertension patients'blood pressure down
Critically ill patients will be hemoptysis, hematemesis, hematochezia, urinating blood, such as bleeding.
Uyemura syndrome
The Analysis of Curative Effect of 486 Cases of Acute Ligamentous Injury of Ankle Joint Treated by Non-operative Treatment
radionuclide myocardial perfusion tomography
Deep-seated fungus
Blood pressure- and pulse pressure-lowering effects, trough:peak ratio and smoothness index of telmisartan compared with lisinopril.
indicator paper of antigen test
interlamellar scleral resection
Repair of aneurysm without graft of ulnar artery
Mendes-Costa syndrome
Maturity-onset type diabetes of the Young, MODY
Experimental epilepsy
Bone marrow smear and staining only
PGEM; prostaglandin E metabolite
Excuse me, what is the expression of rectum cancer?
bypass operation of coronary artery
Mus cervicolor type C oncovirus
rapid plasma reagin card test for syphilis
chronic paronychia
ovarian neoplasms/surgery
Human Skeletal Muscle Satellite Cells
Coronary myocardial bridging
Be like local infection, septicemia and vein thrombosis, water, electrolyte and soda acid balance are maladjusted reach disease of blood of high in syrup.
Polymorphism of Wheat Canopy Temperature and Its Relationship with Kernel Quality Differentiation
Chronic prostatitis syndrome index (CPSI)
And inhibition of DY8 was greater than that of rotenone against the adults of P. striolata.DY8 was found to possess stronger effect than that of rotenone.
Partial excision of bone of distal phalanx of finger
Acute immunologic urticaria
The expressions of CB protein were negative in NCE. The positive rates of expression of CB protein in ICC was higher 55.56%(25/45) than that 30.15%(19/63) in CIN and there was a significant difference between them(P<0.05).
Conclusion High voltage static combining ligustrazine and mecobalamine injection can relieve the clinical symptoms of the patients with DPN more effectively.
Health Beliefs in Patients with Chronic Hepatitis-B and Their Relationship with Patients'Treatment Compliance
chronic generator failure
single-steroid assay
Clinical Study nursing care of the effect of pepidil on maturing cervix and parturifacient action
cardiac sympathetic innervation
PIP; probable intrauterine pregnancy
When fed a high-fat Western diet, these mice develop obesity and diabetes in adulthood.
Study on Relationship between Levels of Leptin in Maternal Blood, Amniotic Fluid, and Umbilical Blood and Newborn's Weight
familial aldosterone deficiency
Over night acne patches and other unique acne treatments
Lymphatic metastasis rate in cases with abnormal expressions of two or three indicators (58.8%) was higher than that in cases without abnormal expression or with abnormal expression of one indica-tor (30.8%) (P < 0.01).
multidrug resistance family
2 Kulik TJ, Alvarado SP. Effect of stretch on growth and collagen synth esis in cu ltured rat and lamb pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells. J Cell Physiol, 1993 , 157(3):615.
Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (SPH)
Correlation and Clinical Significance Between Blood Gas Value of Fetal Navel Artery and Apgar Score
The morphological change in treatment center of RFA group was coagulative necrosis.
Congenital hypoplasia of cardiac vein
The patients were followed up for 14. 4 months on the average(2 months to 5 years) ,the excellent and good rate of no-surgery group was 67.8% . the excellent and good rate of DHS group was 92. 3% , the excellent and good rate of PFN group was 96. 7% .
pregnant mare serum
Sadly he died in August, aged 41, from the disease that causes progressive deterioration of the nervous system.
Congenital anomaly of vena cava
Clinical and Experimental Study on Treatment of Primary Liver's Cancer with Methods of Consolidating Ben, Invigorating the Blood and Relieving toxin
Charcot's artery
Antioxidant protection of DAS extracted from garlic in cultured murine myocardial cell
Block's syndrome
Methods The semi-quantitative analysis of MCT1 and MCT2 genes mRNA expression in human HCC and PCLT was conducted by RT-PCR method and electrophoresis band opacity density (OD) comparison analysis method in 25 patients with HCC.
The Effect of Gamma Irradiation on Shoot Regeneration from Leaf and Bud Growth of Pear and Apple in Vitro
Right ventricular systolic function
Maximum temperature attained during the fermentation and death
International Asthma Patient Insight Research, INSPIRE
chronic asphyxia
emissarium occipitale
chronic glandular cystitis
circumvallate placenta
The molecularly imprinted polymer (MIP) based on the surface of silica was characterized by IR, element analysis (EA), and scanning electron microscopy (SEM).
antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity
The expression of TLR4 in liver tissue was increased by D-Gal/LPS,which can be down-regulated by PDTC pretreatment. It is indicated that TLR4 might be involved in acute liver failure.
Caudal regression syndrome
Study of Correlation between Children Migraine and Infant Colic
spina nasalis anterior
differentiation between patches and patch gaps
The BNF has such goods as unique decision,reliable fixation and the lockings can be get in any part of the nail which can meet the fixation from subtrochanteric to femoral condyle.
A total of 20.5% of men and 22.4% of patients, ages 66 to 69 years, had partial nephrectomy, compared with 16% of women and only 7.1% of patients aged 85 and older.
Other tests have shown that laughter appears to be able to reduce the effect of pain on the body.
congenital dislocation of patella
Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC)
coronary thrombosis
Conclusion:Batroxobin can improve and alleviate neuronal deficits and alleviate neuronal deficits and hemorheology of patie...
Conclutions Prognosis of pneumonia in the elders with stroke sequela is related to these risk factors, prognosis can be improved in the patients with dysphagia placing nasogastric feeding tube.
functional gastrointestinal disease
Infection by Ascaris lumbricoides
Metastatic bone of breast cancer
mouseβ-actin gene
Congenital kyphosis
variable antigen type; VAT
Cardiovascular graft
patients' assessments
configuration of ventricular complex
folliculi lymphatici solitarii intestini crassi; lymphatic nodules, solitary, of large intestine; solitary gland of large intestine; solitary lymphatic follicles of large intestine
SMON virus; subacute myelo-optico-neuropathy virus
Platelet antibody Bakb
The Rebuilt of the Wane of the Articular Cartilage
UPLC - MS/MS
Acute myoendocarditis
combined radical operation of tongue cancer
Books M,Brunn M.Post operative atelectasis and pneumonia[J].HeartLung,1995,24(2):94-1151
nausea, vomiting, diarrhea; NVD
Chronic graft dysfunction (CGD)
Progress in diagnosis and treatment of chronic pancreatitis
Acute yellow atrophy of liver
protein C deficiency
content analysis
left papillary muscle syndrome
Malignant spinal cord compression
regional isolated arteral perfusion
Immune function of mice
basal cell epidermoid carcino-ma
Acute necrotizing pancreatitis
rat's behavior
chronic lymphocytic leukemia
Conclusion. Combining vertebral augmentation and placement of an interspinous process spacer represents a viable option for treating such fragile patients.
Curative Effect Observation of Postoperative Anti- inflammatory Pills for Preventing Complications after Artificial Crystal Implantation
unilateral renal disease
work hypertrophy
Pulmonary arterial hypertension
Single venous approach
human chronic periodontitis
Observation on Radiotreatment to Advanced Prostatic Cancer
Change of Serum Achenium Level in Different Stage of Patients with Chronic Obstructive Disease of Lung
The application of the modified eliminating wrinkle operation clinically
Partial obstruction of the urinary tract
Duchenne-Aran spinal muscular atrophy
Tremor obviously increased (P<0.01) and hypertension obviously decreased (P<0.05) in the FK506 group compared with the CsA group.
Cholesterol crystal embolism after coronary intervention
Interferons/acup-mox elf
Oral-facial-digital syndrome
acute dentoalveolar abscess
congenital virilizing adrenal hyperplasia
Chronic arteriosclerotic nephritis
By the late '90s, for example, the classic antianxiety drug diazepam (also known as Valium) was still beating placebo in France and Belgium.
Continuous monitoring of the heart and vital signs
General thoracic surgery
right ventricular dilatation
Modified high-osteotomy of tibial for the treatment of medial osteoarthritis of the knee joint
endoscopic sphincterotomy; EST
Under the optimized expression condition, the Fab of anti-keratin antibody was efficiently secreted into the medium.
2 MethodsAll patients were checked by Doppler echocardiography, EKG and dynamic electrocardiogram(DCG).
cerebroretinal arteriovenous aneurysm; Wyburn-Masson syndrome
venous plexus of hand, dorsal
DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT OF BILL DUCT CANCER THROMBUS OF PRIMARY LIVER CANCER ATTRIBUTED TO TRANSCATHETER ARTERIAL CHEMOEMBOLIZATION
Clinical application in pediatrics
minor myocardial damage; MMD
Acute calcific periarthritis
Adenomatous polyp of cervix; Cervical adenomatous polyp
Bosworth operation for pseudoarthrosis of spine
Consultation in chemotherapy
corticotropin-like intermediate(lobe)peptide; CLIP
ovarian epithelial tumor
malignant pericarditis
Clinical Observation of Microwave Therapy in Treatment of Diabetic Surface of Wound
Endomyocardial sclerosis
Sebaceous cyst of skin of breast
RAW 264.7
endoscopic approach; endoscopic management; endoscopic treatment
Genome-Wide Screening Methods for Differentially Methylated DNA Fragments
human atrial myocyte
Intraoperative radio frequency ablation
megavoltage teletherapy
STUDY ON MICROWAVE IRRADIATION CAFFEINE FROM TEA LEAF
murine hepatoma 22 clonal cell strains
new type duck hepatitis virus
Ligation of anomalous coronary artery
dissocial personality disorder
Antihistamine tablets or syrup (eg loratadine, cetirizine). These lessen the allergic reaction by blocking the actions of histamine. They relieve hayfever symptoms.
Clinical seizure were recorded in 18 patients during continous VEEG monitoring more than twenty-four hours,including simple partial seizure in 1 patient,complex partial seizures in 6 patients,generalized seizure in 9 patients and absence seizure in 2 patients.
heart failure induced by chronic pneumocardial disease
Perfusion of coronary artery
Chronic gangrenous inflammation
Childhood bronchial asthma
Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor
Conclusions: Batroxobin is effective and safe in treatment for patients with acute cerebral infarctions.
radioisotopic hepatic scanning
basal cell nevus syndrome; Gorlin syndrome
postoperative respiratory treatment; PRT
There was a significant difference on the display of the timing and magnitude of endocardial motion between pre and post DSE(P<0.01). Sensitivity,specificity,accuracy,and positive predictive of CK images in distinguishing viability from myocardial infarction were96.43%,66.67%,91.18%,and93.10%respectively.
pituitary tumor, nonfunctioning
THE GENERAL PHARMACOLOGICAL ACTION OF CITRUS FLAVONOIDS ON CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM
total systemic vascular resistance; TSVR
Conclusions: The use of a low sodium diet as an adjunctive therapy to normal treatment has no additional therapeutic benefit in adults with asthma and bronchial reactivity to methacholine.
HOC; human ovarian cancer
Spotting; Menstrual spotting
Conclusion Thyroid function (FT3, FT4, TSH) should be tested before thyroid surgery for the patients with symptoms of hyperthyroidism.
ETB-2 could significantly restrain the growth of experimental human colon cancer in BALB/C nude mice and its action was of dose-dependent.
epilepsia partialis continua corticalis
Both are used to investigate the schizophrenia patients’ dysfunction of laterization and interhemisperic cooperation.
Dyschromic skin lesions of pinta
Implantation of ureter to skin
Antibiotics. A minority of women are prone to vulvovaginal candidiasis while taking antibiotics.
Conclusion: The clinical effects are significantly improved by trimetazidine for treating patients with multivessel coronary disease undergoing incomplete interventional revascularization.
polychromatic crythrocyte
oral -maxillofaical and head-neck cancer
Caesarean scar pregnancy
Conclusion Domestic doxycycline hydrochloride for injection is effective and safe for the treatment of slight and moderate acute bacterial infections.
Here is the lipoma at high magnification. This is a good example of how a benign neoplasm mimics the tissue of origin.
Weight may be influenced by genes as well as similar lifestyles held by members of the same family.
acute periodontitis
acute infectious encephalitis; AIE
Average age
Discoidin Domain Receptors
CSF revealed 4 cases with protein elevation, 2 cases with positive oligoclonal band.
endogenous tuberculosis
Inflammatory disease of female pelvic organs and tissues
AFF; atrial filling fraction
Keywords dose calculation;coordinate of MLC leave;MLC conformal treatment;
chronic streptococcic ulcer
Neonatal Galactorrhea
Analysis of related factors of panic disturbance consulted in out-patient clinic
angina epiglottidean anterior
Left ventricular diastolic dysfunction
Disseminated Vascular Coagulopahty (DIC) is one of the severe complications in obstetric department,which can lead to multiple organs failure and endanger patients lift.
Clinical observation on the maternal posture during birth process
Advanced thyroid carcinoma
Study on Extraction of Pumpkin Polysaccharide and Its Function of Reducing Blood Sugarin Animal Test
Chronic serious hepatitis B
Infectious neonatal hepatitis
Advances for detection methods of transcription factors
Abnormal venous pulse pressure
Abnormal systemic venous connections
Geobacillus stearothermophilus CHB1
TFA; traumatic false aneurysm
flestolol sulfate
infectant; virus
peripheral anterior synechia of the iris
Enzymatic activity
chronic superficial erythematous glossitis
It's well known that exercise helps prevent high blood pressure, high cholesterol, diabetes and stroke, all of which can contribute to dementia.
And gave the grey pharmacokinetics model according to blood concentration of compounded Captopril.
photon therapy; PT
Definition: Cape aloes consists of the concentrated and dried juice of the leaves of various species of Aloe, mainly Aloe ferox Miller and its hybrids.
standard mortality ration
Opioid peptide derived from milk
Congenital telangiectasia; Congenital telangiectasis
Fisher-Volavsek syndrome; onychogryphosis-syringomyelia syndrome
arterial ischemic disease
Preparation of Medicinal Water-based Magnetic Fluid by One-step Method and Study on Its Cyto-compatibility
biphasic insulin injection
human lung adenocarecinoma cell line A549
monocyte-macrophage cell line
It has long been known that different individuals in a population re ond to the same drug differently, and that these variatio are be due to variatio in the molecular receptors being affected by the drug, or to differences in metabolic enzymes that clear the drug.
Congenital absence of skeletal muscle
polycytidylic acid
chronic severe heart failure
Supraglottic carcinoma
Complex femoral shaft fracture
natural chronic Keshan disease
Management of primary vesicoureteral reflux in children
Anti-serum against dimethoate was prepared from New Zealand white rabbits immunized with immunogen.
Keywords Nucleated red blood cell;PRINS;Prenatal diagnosis;
Congenital displacement of stomach; Congenital transposition of stomach
anterior mediastinal line
Conclusions Laparoscopic TME treatment of rectal cancer had the same therapeutic effect as the conventional laparotomy procedure did, and has a better subjective outcome.
KINETIC SPECTROPHOTOMETRIC DETERMINATION OF ANILINE BASED ON THE INHIBITORY EFFECT OF ANILINE ON THE REACTION BETWEEN N-BROMOSUCCINIMIDE AND METHYL VIOLET
multiple kin test antigen
Neonatal cardiorespiratory arrest
Treatment to side effect of vomit induced by ease pain after gynecology surgery with morphia (reports of 230 cases)
blocking antigen
Congenital anomaly of vein
clamp with multiple action, appendectomy
nighteating syndrome
coronary arteries examination
For 16 weeks, treatment was given as monotherapy or, in 53% of patients, as add-on therapy to bosentan.
Conclusion It is safe,no-invasive to diagnose VSD with CDFI,providing proves for clinical healing and possess very important value in diagnosing VSD.
a technique,as for relieving pain or inducing regional anesthesia,in which thin needles are inserted into the body at specific points
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE COUNTERCURRENT OF PORTAL VEIN AND INTRAHEPATIC CANCER METASTASIS IN PATIENTS WITH HEPATIC CARCINOMA UNDER COLOR DOPPLER FLOW IMAGING
Carl will be perfectly fine after we remove his tonsils.
Renal function test in children and its evaluation Several methods of testing glomerular function and the evaluation
Healing ulcer
coronary myxomatous pseudoaneurysm
silent infection
minimally invasive total hip arthroplasty
Nursing about using combined chemotherapy which paclitaxel take big part to cure mid and later malignant tumor
rapidly progressing breast cancer; RPBC
human breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-453
Fiedeler's disease
Extensive destruction of lesion of vulva
Acute inflammation of orbit
CN; congenital nephrosis
coronary t
Chronic superficial ulcer
Conclusion As a non invasive protocol functional MR imaging can provide useful information in differential diagnosis between chronic mass-forming type pancreatitis and pancreatic carcinoma.
Acute glucose loading
Conclusion Both the increase in number and volume in hypothyroid tubers were slow;cystic-solid nodule might become smaller;no cases of cancer were found in our studies.
Baxter said it will manufacture its pandemic vaccine in a serum-free, vero cell-based system that accelerates vaccine availability.
Human hepatitis E virus
Acute and severe bronchial asthma/treatment
Human esophageal squamous cell cancer
endogenous opiat
coronary care unit
STR gene frequency distribution in Uzbek, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region and its applied research in forensic science
A Clinical Study on Improving the Treatment of Refractory AL by Taking the Complex Granule of Zhejiang Fritillaria Bulb and Receiving Adjuvant Chemotherapy
Collagen induced arthritis(CIA)
Conclusion Superselective embolization in hemostasis of plexiform hemangioma in oral and maxillofacial region is safer and more effective.
Orthotopic liver transplantation
arterial tree
dioxopromethazine hydrochloride is antihistaminic, relieves phlegm congestion and asthma;
Liver disorder in pregnancy
photogenic seizure
Extracting and separating of the garlic polysaccharide and determining and analysis of its content
An analysis on the misdiagnosis of cases with expansionary myocadiopathy and personal experience on its treatment
Bulimia can have serious medical complications, such as dental decay, stomach rupture, or dehydration, and can be fatal.
Vaginal implantation of radium
Acute pancreatitis-related lung injury
Solitary lymphoid nodule of small intestine
Annexin-V apoptosis protein
JAR/MTX cell line was established with stable MTX-resistance (resistance index to MTX was 7.3) and cross-resistant to TAX and VCR.
hypo-allergenic surgical tape
Conclusion Fructose-l, 6-diphosphate (FDP) could significantly improve myocardial injury of neonatal asphyxia.
Sensory peripheral neuropathy
Choice and Application of Common Venous Narcotic Drug for Experimental Animal
As the third generation of antidepressants,duloxetine hydrochloride inhibits uptake of both serotonin and norepinephrine.
Keywords Reproduction;Developmental biology;Tissue engin eering;Microgravity;
The experience of nursing for chronic lung source heart disease
congenital pancreatic lipase deficiency; CPIP
Operative procedure on head
Landry's paralysis; acute ascending paralysis
Adenocarcinoma of prostate metastase to bone
Conclusion Intrathecal injection of oxygen can improve the rehabilitative function more significantly than the hyperbaric oxygen therapy in the treatment of craniocerebral injury.
CLINICAL ULTRASONIC OBSERVATION OF UROKINASE TREATING ON TUBERCULOUS PLEURISY
Rheumatoid arthritis
Klup's uterine curette
area spongiosa
embolization in AVM
geneogenous recessive hiatus lumbosacralis
An Approach to the Causal Factors of Megaloblastic Anemia in Pregnancy andSuggestion for Selection of Treatment
One case with heart arrest resuscitating successfully during child anesthesia
ethanol precipitation time
malignant histiocytosis of the intestine; MHI
infection of palmar spaces
The positive rates of STAT3 mRNA and CEA mRNA in peritoneal washings were 43.9% and 48.5%,respectively. The positive rates of STAT3 mRNA and CEA mRNA were significantly higher than those of PLC(31.8%). The positive rates of STAT3 mRNA and CEA mRNA were concurrently increased with the depth of tumor invasion,TNM staging and pathogenesis.
cewrebellar syndrome
transvaginal color Doppler sonography
rate of ventricular pressure rising
Bacterial pneumonia is the most common disease in geriatric infectious disease;and its morbidity and mortality is higher than young people.
left ventricular enlargement
Color tissue Doppler imaging
natriuretic hormone; NH
Bloch-Stauffer syndrome
Proinflammatory cytokines
Decompression of peripheral nerve
Conclusions:The skill of procurement and bench surgery trimming of allograft in one of the key factors for successful SPK.
subclinical lead poisoning
golden hour
Fusobacterium nucleatum
Carthamus Tinctorius L Injection
artificial sand therapy
Mus cervicolor mammary tumor virus
adnexectomy; annexectomy
determination IgG content of animal serum product
CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE /TCM-WM therapy
Arterial infusion chemotherapy
Nursing experience on Plateau Acute Disease within 1 example
chronic non-specific diarrhoea syndrome; CNDS
this therapy can obviouslylighten the clinical symptoms of the ASO patients.
Myocardial blush grade
Chronic ulcerative proctitis
Vulvar connective tissue
real-time fluorescent quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction
Early type 2 diabetes
pancreatic pseudocyst
Soybean extraction
acute lupus pericarditis; ALP
systemic onset juvenile idiopathic arthritis
pristine dry eye syndrome
Sharpe, Shel MD - resources for child and adolescent psychiatry, including mood disorders, anxiety, attention deficit disorder, and sleep disruptions.
Holtmueller-Wiedemann syndrome
Inherited FⅦ deficiency
pars corticalis arteriae cerebri mediae
auricular septal defectatrial septal defect
Pharmacol dynamic Study of Compound Black Ant Capsules for treating Rheumatic Arthritis
Orthotopic heart transplantation :a case report
bland diet
Conclusion:LEMAIKELI can increase the effect of Benserazide or Madopa on patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Roger's diseasecongenital ventricular septal defect
radionuclide cardiac imaging
A patient with traumatic rotator cuff tear of right shoulder developed severe myofascial pain syndrome with reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD) involving the right upper extremity.
Coronary Vasodilators
Curcumin had a notablely protective effects on the hepatocyte injured with CCl4,could inhibit the proliferation and theproduction of collagen I in HSC-T6. Curcumin also showed powerfully protective effects against acute liver injury induced by CCU,D-GaL N,BCG plus LPS. Curcumin might have therapeutical effect on liver fibrosis.
When I lie in bed, the pain is better.
familial male infertility
Articular cartilage disease
total pharyngolaryngoesophagectomy
Quantitative tissue velocity imaging
TCF; total coronary flow
Subcutaneous tissue of umbilical region
Chronic purulent inflammation
Associativity on Course and Type of Syndrome of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
cefuroxime pivoxetil
The patient made an eventful recovery and the grafted liver had a good function. No complications occurred.
Clinical Research on Arterial Embolism on Treating Endometrioma
inspiratory muscles spasm
Space-occupying lesion in left upper lobe of lung
acute edematous pancreatitis
chronic pyrophosphate arthropathy; CPA
aspiration biopsy transducer
The arteries of the heart
molecular hybridization
Gynecological acute abdomen
a genetic predisposition to liver disease
CLINICAL APPLICATION OF ENDOSCOPIC VARICEAL LIGATION-PARTIAL SPLENIC EMBOLIZATION ON PATIENTS WITH PORTAL HYPERTENSION
low protein diet
Nursing of Hypertension Syndrome of Pregnancy Compilcateol with Gravid-puerpera Cebral Vascular Disease
smoothed particles hydrodynamics
Antimalarial drugs (eg, chloroquine) produce concentrations within WBCs and liver cells thousands of times higher than those in plasma.
Metabolic syndrome X
FSH-releasing protein
systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis
Keywords Protien Kinase C（PKC）;Matrix metallo proteinase （MMP）;Tissue inhibitor of mefalloproteinase（TIMP）;Diabetes Nephrotus （DN）;mesangial cells;
razor-thin graft; epidermal skin graft
Summer diarrhea of infants
LER; low estrogen responders
Clinical observation of oral administration of live combined bifidobacterium, lactobacillus and enterococcus capsules in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome
Persistent trigeminal artery variant
Without using extrinsic PEEP, the peak airway pressure of IRV was lower than the IPPV's, if there was a certain level of IRV was PEEP, both inverse ratio ventilation's mean airway pressure would be higher than IPPV's.
local proliferative type
antigen-capture assay; ACA
ventricular parasystole; VP
congenital mitral insufficiency
Protein array
Observation of rapid blood sugar determination for patients with serious disease
chronic myelogenons leukemia (CML)
rabbit serum
DC defibrillation time and heart dysfunction degree is very important to successful resuscitation and long-term survival rate.
occupational therapy (OT)
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
chlorophyll fluorescence parameters
Anatomical landmarks for the central approach to internal jugular enous catheterization begin at the apex of the triangle formed by the heads of the sternocleidomastoid muscle and the claicle.
vulval intraepithelial carcinoma
radionuclide lung perfusion imaging
(3)aroma materials of fermented grains which composed by raw materials and auxilliary materials in fermented grains and metabolite of fermentive microbes；
Methods Parameters of gastric motility were measured before and after the treatment with cispride for four weeks by ultrasonography, and levels of Plasma MTL,SS,VIP and ENK were determined.
Anterior rescction
Background: It has been shown that bupivacaine, the most commonly used local anesthetic for postoperative intra-articular use, is cytotoxic to bovine articular chondrocytes in vitro.
A Study of Clinical and Immunological Function on Infants'Infectious Mycoplasma Pneumonia
coronary angioplasty
Transgenic biocontrol bacterial
Angiotomy of ascending aorta
Of the 63 crowns examined in this study, 96.9% were rated as acceptable and 89.9% as satisfaction inaccordance to the changed CDA quality evaluating system.
chronic prostatitis
SDS; sensory deprivation syndrome
Stereotaxic biopsy
Chronic bacterial otitis externa
APACHE Ⅱ score
IDS; intraduodenal stimulation
alphabetical abdominal incision
The postoperative complication included temporary aphasia in 3 patients and hemiple-gia in 6 patients. All of them soon recovered within two weeks postoperatively.
sex steroid binding globulin; SSBG
ABC; aneurysmal bone cyst
fab fragments of digoxin-specific antibodies
Progress in Research on Modern Differentiation of Symptoms and Sings of Bronchial Asthma
A clinical and pathologic analysis of marsupialization in the treatment of 13 mandilbular cysts
radionuclide tumor imaging
total free amino acid
Calcium And Phosphate Metabolism Management In Chronic Renal Disease
The graft survival rate, patient survival rate, ACR rate, ACR multiple incidence rate, and no response rate to steroid therapy in CLT and LDLT groups were 72% vs 78%, 77% vs. 78%, 48% vs. 41%, 20% vs. 10%, and 11% vs. 4% ( P >0.05).
Conclusion spinal function was kept and good clinical results was obtained for patiens with lumbar spondylolisthesis by using PSHP, the choice of operation indiction was important.
arteriosclerotic and cardiovascular disease
OISI Other invasive streptococcal infections
Conclusion: CT has important clinical value in uncinate process carcinoma of the pancreas.
Keywords Simulated microgravity;Thigh cuff;HDT bed rest;Leg compliance;
Comparison of different types of minimal invasive hysterectomy surgery in treatment of gynecologic benign and pre-malignant disease
surgical site infection
coronary artery diameter
responder cell
Conclusion Interventional neuroradiology has good prospects in the fields of cerebrovascular disease.
Clinical analysis on 52 cases of acute trimethyl tin poisoning
The following facts speak against the notion of integrative suppression: (1) The frequency of conjugal transfer of chromosome markers was <10-7 while that of the plasmid marker KmR was 10-1 fo the dnaP18 (R144drd3) strain;
A young patient is presented with a symptomatic solitary osteochondroma of the seenth cerical ertebra who had Horner syndrome.
AHA; antiheart antibody
Chicken pox, measles, herpes zoster, or threadworm infestations for example, can have a more serious or even fatal course in non-immune children or adults on corticosteroids.
The extraction of flavonoids from the husk of paddy rice was studied.
left ventricular pressure; LVP
conductive spinal evoked potential
Ventricular shunt to mastoid
IgM antibody
Arm Exercise Relieves Leg Pain
granuloma gravidarum; pregnancy granuloma
Slow pathway ablation
Egtved virus; Viral hemorrhagic septicemia of trout virus
ANALYSIS OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN SIMPLE FATNESS AND FATTY LIVER OF OBESE CHILDREN
Effects of North Fructus Schisandrae Oil on Morphologic and Functional Change of Islet Cells in Diabetes Mouse
Chronic fibroadenosis of breast
Conclusion: The outpatient exercise training is beneficial on the QALY of patients after CABG.
Excision of lesion of duodenum
Anemia of chronic disorder
congenital absence of pain
anastomotic veins
HBV four kinds of antigens
acute physiology and chronic health evaluation Ⅲ
vulnerable patients
Excision of cardioma
Chemical raw materials and the seizure of wild-type has more than 20 kinds of skin, such as seized oak, gallnut, Cassia, cat feces, such as melon. 5.
Major cardiac events
Conclusion:The pharmacological effects of t he cerebrolysin and pharmacological effects of the NDT and NZZ were similar.
ventricular mass; VM
Brain total cholesterol
Postoperative pains of non-incision
TCVSD after 1 month compared with before,the figures of EDD (P< 0.05),EDV(P< 0.001),ESV(P< 0.05),SV(P< 0.001)were significant difference,but there no significant difference in EF and FS.
cardiac functional decompensatory period
Successful construction of the recombinant adenovirus vector containing the Ki67-siRNA gene was achieved and it can be used to significantly inhibit expression of the Ki67 gene and the growth human colon carcinoma cells.
Pancreas transplantation alone
Primary vesicoureteric reflux in children
anti-adenovirai monoclonal F(ab)'2 antibodies
Chlorine-resistant reactive dye-fixing agent CRS was prepared by mixing polyamine CS and polymer CR synthesized by dimethyldiallyl-ammonium chloride(DMDAAC) and allylamine(AA).
free grafting by vascular anastomosis
wine-related yeast
Cardiac resynchronous therapy
cervix disease/diagnosis
FBJ murine osteosarcoma virus
Application of Fluorescence Insitu Hybridization Technique for Prenatal Diagnosis of Chromosome Abnormality in Amniotic Cells HUANG Yanyi, SUN Xiaofang, LI Qing, et al.
minimal residual leukemic cell
A painless procedure: Your pet will receive an overdose of pain medication.
Surgical occlusion of aorta
Keywords Subclavian steal syndrome;3D CE-MRA;2D TOF MRA;
This area on the back and sides of the head contain healthy follicles, which are genetically programmed not to shed.
Acute milk alkali syndrome
olfactory receptor neurons
She is showing signs of withdrawal and depression.
STUDY ON CHRONIC MICROANGIOPATHY IN EYES AND KIDNEYS OF EXPERIMENTAL TYPE 2 DIABETES RATS
E471 Horner Syndrome due to a Solitary Osteochondroma of C7: A Case Report and Reiew of the Literature].
METHODS :The study was conducted in 6 volunteers. After l single dose of domestic ciclosporine capsule or sandimmun capsule was taken,blood samples were taken and blood drug concentration was determined by FPLA method.
surgery and chemotherapy
BAGG broth; buffered azide glucose glycerol broth
donor specific transfusion; DST
Peptide and protein drugs
Glasgow outcome scale in minimally invasive group was 23 cases of good recovery,24 cases of moderate disability,9 cases of severe disability,3 cases of vegetative stage,and 9 cases of death.
Diffuse reflectance FTIR method for determination of paracetamol in compound paracetamol and amantadine hydrochloride tablets was presented.
Conclusion The curative effect of vaccae and acyclovir on the treatment of RGH is satisfaction.
Cervical Spondylosis (CS) is a chronic disease that is high in incidence of the disease and serious in the endangerment.
ASD repair,mitral valve annuloplasty and left atrial myoxoma extirpation were completed under extracorporeal circulation.
Study on Catalytic Wet Hydrogen Peroxide Oxidation Method
a mature lymphocyte
Ebola hemorrhagic fever; EHF
high dose contrast medium infusion
Also, humans appear to have picked up more than 200 genes from bacteria and another 50 from strange segments of DNA called transposable dements that "jump" during early development from one place, to another within the genome.
Comparative study of quantitative tissue velocity imaging and two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging in evaluation of left ventricular twist of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy
unexplained recurrent spontaneous abortion
emergency coronary intervention
rectal neoplasms
Conclusion The Diabetes mellitus and microcirculation are closely related.
According to recent studies,cardiovascular disease,infection and malnutrition are the most common complications of maintenance hemodialysis (MHD),which also the main causes of death.
Chronic cystitis criterion illness defer or relapse acute fit, amalgamative hematuria person scarcer.
Pseudopancreatic cholera syndrome
Fat embolism as early complication of trauma
Subcutaneous tissue of upper back
Congenital absence of atrial septum
cervicouterine canals
benign cystic teratoma; cystis teratoma
Bryan high titer strains
OEP; original endotoxin protein
Focal and occupied diseases
right atrial rhythm
the GAD
Analysis to the clinical significance of routine check-up
We knew that chemical dopants( impurities) introduced during the microfabrication process fell randomly, which introduced variations among otherwise identical transistors, so we felt this process could capture the randomness of gene expression in nature.
and there was no effect on the late HF group.Repeated hospitalization and mortality were significantly reduced in the diltiazem group.
Congenital deformity of wall of nasal sinus
ID-1 and IGF-1R played important roles in the carcinogenesis of ESCC,ID-1 expression may be involved within the regulation of apoptosis but notproliferation of ESCC cells.
vascular lake
Matrix metalloproteinases
AFI; atrial filling index
Objective To study the regular pattern of dynamic changes in portal vein pressure (FPP) after hepatectomy in patients with liver cancer.
Fire-film: ingredients bezoar, baicalin, borneol Indications function: throat swelling and pain, gum swelling...
experimental hepatitis
-- Doxofylline injection is for the treatment of asthma;
Delays in insulin administration may lead to ketoacidosis despite the fasting state.
Ablation of pituitary gland by transsphenoidal approach
BMPI; bronchial mucous proteinase inhibitor
In vitro immunization
ultrathin corneal flaps
congenital laryngoptosis
The nursing problems of internal fistula in uremia patients and the intervention
It is suggested that increased soluble ICAM 1 level in CSF might depict ongoing immunologic activation and ICAM 1 might correlate with the extent of tissue and BBB damage.
①segmental resection ②segmentectomy
Phylloerythrin is a normal body constituent but accumulates if hepatic insufficiency
recurrent ulcerative stomatitis; RUS
Will physicians err by assigning, for example, separate diagnoses of arthritis, dermatitis, and kidney disease to a patient who has systemic lupus erythematosus?
DETECTION ON THE PORTAL SYSTEM HEMODYNAMICS OF PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC AND ADVANCED SCHISTOSOMIASIS AND ITS CLINICAL MEANING
Because metastatic breast cancer is, with very rare exceptions, an incurable disease, the art of medicine is to provide the patient with the care most likely to prolong life while simultaneously maintaining quality of life.
But no significant difference was found between UL and BLM,P>0.05.Conclusion: The abnormal expression of cyclin G1 and p16 protein was associated with the pathogenesis and development of LMS.
The improved disease-free survival associated with a family history was independent of tumoral MSI or MMR status.
Conclusions: Every pediatric medicine hematuria should be paid much attention to in the application of drugs.
posterior parametritis
In MSM, syphilis can potentiate HIV transmission, and it has been associated with strokes and other irreversible complications, especially in those who are already infected with HIV.
E2 recombinant protein
As a result, lomefloxacin as had the same effect ofloxacin in terms of improving symptom and sign, and clearing bacteria.
Congenital anomaly of thoracic cage
immunoimage diagnose
ANALYSIS OF THE ACETYLCHOLINE ACTIONON THE ELECTRICAL ACTIVITIES OFPANCREATIC ISLET B-CELLS IN MICE
uterine neoplasms/pathology
Selective Screening Blood Donors ALT Feasibility Analysis
tangential resection of aortic aneurysm
The mechanism of DEX and EM improving inflammatorycells of COPD is possibly by increasing CD4+CD25+ T cells from blood and/orBALF.
Dietary fibers complexes
polymicrobic infection
per vaginam
Gougerot-Nulock-Houwe syndrome
Keywords Hilum spread clysis Hepatocirrhosis Ascites High nitrogen content blood;
regenerating liver of rat
unmodified malt
Factitious what is anaemic? What symptom does anaemia have? How to treat anaemia?
c-Jun N-terminal kinase 3
serum lactic acid level
Cervical myelopathy
Preliminary study of the clinical indices for halitosis
primary esophageal cancer
Buerger's double catheterizing cystoscope
arterial chemoembolization
intra-arteria infusion with medicine
Flurbiprofen axetil can decrease many complications of digestive canal caused by flurbiprofen taken orally.
angio-os-teohypertrophy syndrome; Ollier-Klippel syndrome
Division of uterosacral ligament
postoperative recovery room
Conclusion(s): Among the couples with unconsummated coitus, the two leading causes of vaginal penetration failure were found to be vaginismus and lack of sex information.
Research on Analysis of Enzyme Activities in Milk of White Yak Under Different grazing land and seasons
Subdiaphragmatic total anomalous pulmonary venous return
T-cell lymphoma, convoluted
At week 48,among HBeAg(+) nucleoside-naive patients, liver fibrosis had been improved in 57% of ETV group and 49% of LMV group, showed no changes in 35% of ETV group and 28% of LMV group and became worse in 0% of ETV group and 6% of LMV group.
ultrasound real-time aspiration biopsy
open biopsy
Plasma levels of CGRP were 169.58pg/ml, 241.86pg/ml, 336. 57 pg/ml, 425.21pg/ml in NC, DM, DN and DNF group respectively.
FRVD; right ventricular dimension
Congenital duplication of gallbladder